-: Welcome back.
In the previous step we have completed the IM role
IM policy and then Kubernetes service account.
So now what we are going to do is we are going to
update the external DS Kubernetes manifest.
So the original manifest you can find
in this respective link and you can always copy it
and then use it as if how you want to need it.
Okay, so this is the manifest letter to external DNS.
Okay, so I have commented it and then used it as
per our needs.
So let's go ahead and then see that now.
So we are going to make three changes to the original file.
So let me go back to our 0 8 0 6 0 1 deploy external DNS
on EKS.
So you will have a cube manifest folder and
inside that you'll have zero one deploy external DNS, right?
So this, if you see this entire manifest, let's
have a high level look on what is this manifest.
Okay? So it says that create a service account
with external DNS and then also
it's equal and means like for this service
account what all cluster roll permissions it need
to have, okay?
Our back roll permissions in Cuban it is, okay?
So it'll have permissions to services
and points and then parts with the get to watch
and then list those permissions
and it'll also have ingress related get watch and then list
and like this.
Now we are going to bind this respective cluster roll
external DNS and then service account external
DNS using cluster roll binding.
So you can see it here.
So cluster roll is external DNS role reference
and then subject is service account external DNS.
So we bind at using cluster roll binding.
So this is a pretty straightforward manifest related to
deploy external DNS.
And so the RBack related stuff is completed
our standard deployment stuff comes into the picture.
So deployment template will have a strategy primarily.
So default is rolling, update strategy
and in exclusive cases we are going to use recreate.
Okay? So that is the thing
so delete that part and then recreate that part.
Okay? So that is the story in exclusive cases.
Okay, so now we are using the strategy recreate
and selector is going to be match level external DNS
which is same
as whatever the port related metadata information.
Okay? So now selector is over.
The next thing is template
which is nothing but the port template
and inside that you'll have metadata labels
and then label name of our respective pod.
Okay? So in template two things
metadata and spec we will have
and spec we will have our existing means
like our pod related manifest, right?
So first thing is service account.
This pod will have a service account named external DNS.
So it's in it's authorization is restricted
inside Kubernetes and external documented AWS services based
on permissions, whatever we have provided
for this external DNS service account.
Okay? And containers, it said that name
of the container is external DNS and the image it is taking
from some of the external site, okay?
Which is registry dot opensource dot all port
and then external DNS latest.
Okay? And these are the arguments we are going to provide
to this external DNS container, right?
So what are those?
So primarily we need to focus
on two things which we have commented.
Okay? So the source says service
and then source says ingress, right?
So now what we are trying to tell here is we
have commented two things here.
What are those?
Okay, so one is domain filter, okay?
External DNS dot myar dot com.
Okay? So we'll make external DNS C only
on the hostage matching this value.
Okay? So we commented this out because I really
don't want to specifically allow external DNS means
like I can just say Q one cloud dot com here
so that it'll only match
to the entries related to Q one cloud dot com.
Okay? But I am leaving it open
so that whatever we want we can modify
in our entire space, right?
So that is one thing
one is domain filter and second is policy.
So up certainly.
So if you enable this option
it would prevent the external DNS from deleting any records.
So usually whenever we are testing it
or whenever we are doing it, right?
So what happens is like
in production you can enable this feature
so that no DNS entries once created will get deleted.
But for us, whenever we are deploying testing
and then again removing the manifest, obviously
those entries in the entries need to be deleted, right?
So for that purpose I commented this option.
So this, if you enable it, it'll
it would prevent us from external res deleting any records.
So in the record sets of route 53.
So it'll allow us
to not to delete anything, whatever it has created, okay?
So we can go back here to route 53, right?
And any entries created inside that respect you hosted zone
as part of this external DNS.
Also, it'll not allow us to delete them.
So if you go inside, so if it creates anything here
those things will not get deleted if you enable this option.
So I really don't need it.
So these two things we have commented and one change
what we need to do additionally is finally this one, okay?
So already a service account is created ideally
in this template.
This is not required in general, okay?
But whatever they say it
whatever they have provided a standard template
why we want to change it to different ways, right?
So that's the reason we really don't need to change it.
So what happens is for external DNS service account,
we already seen that it is annotated with the,
it is annotated with the role,
whatever it is provided, right?
IM role AWS, IM role, okay?
The same thing.
You need to provide it here one more time.
That's all.
Okay, so let's go back to here
and go back to our cloud formation, right?
So this is the one right rule already we have put this open
okay? So this is the one which has the all external update.
So I'm going to copy this AR and and then paste it here.
So only one change primarily you need to do
for this template directly if you use from this course
but if you directly download from the URL, so then this one
and farthest demo things to work, then we will also ensure
that this line's 65 and then 67 also get commented.
So that's the thing
if you use this template, there is no issue.
Those two are already there.
Only you need to update your role from your account, right?
This information.
So that's about it.
So now let's go back to our browser, right?
And we have completed this IM role update successfully
and we have ensured that 55 and 56 command these lines.
Okay? So why we need to comment these lines.
This also we need to discuss, okay, so if you
are using K IM or cube to IM to create your IM roles.
So then these things, okay?
But we created our IM role
IM policy and then service accounts with the EKS ctl.
So this thing no need to be enabled.
So those will be in the commented state only.
Okay? So that's about it.
And line 65 and 67 we discussed about these things
exclusively. So this is good.
So finally we are going to deploy this send, then verify it.
Okay, so cube CTL apply.
So we need to go to those respective folders.
So I'm going to say zero eight
which is ERB application load balances and 0 8
0 6 will be ALB ingress, external DNS.
Okay? So I'm going to say Q CTL apply hyphen F cube manifest
right? So what happened inside that two folders
will be there 0 8 0 6 0 1, which is deploy external DNS N.
Okay? So now inside this Q CTL
apply hyphen F cube manifests.
So let this get created.
That's fine.
Okay, so now once this is created we are going to
verify the logs.
Okay? So before that, if you want we can say cube
CTL get ports, it is going to get created in the default
name space only it is running.
So we can even verify the logs with the logs command, right?
So all records are already up to date, there is
no other errors related to access permission.
So okay, access denied our access, forbidden nothing
related to that as far as possible.
Okay? So we'll see later what happens.
Okay, for now it is no issues.
Okay, so I'll see, I'll close this and this complete
our external DNS related deployment.
In our next lecture we'll apply this to our
application. So one thing important here
is these reference links, okay?
Two reference links I have provided.
So if you need additional information
about this external DNS so you can use this information.
Okay? So AWS are directly publishes this respected tool
like external DNS they're supporting
but currently in all first stage, but they
they're supporting in their documentation too.
Okay? So I am closing this and
in our next lecture we'll focus on applying it.
Okay? I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.